hello everyone and with you again jimmy you
Today I want to respond quickly to
one question which is very often
arises in my comments which
send me in PM Ginny how come
you made so that the American
fighters arut in English and Russian arut
in Russian and in general part of the joy we have
so not in our localized
Russian version all lie in Russian
I like how to do it as it was in
bad company 2
answering if you know english
please just go to this one
Saytik if you want to copy the link
from here if you don't want to have a link in
video description
actually the answer to your question is on
this site go to phased
explanation if you only need voices
and do not need to change the interface do
only stb-1 and actually everything if you
need more
English interface will need to be
make two more personal degree of cunning
if you find english just go through
you can figure it out on the site
the video with you was gemius end link and
if you don’t know English
want to do so to American
fighters yelled
in the heat of battle in their own language
Look here in the first place why such
the situation arose just because
when battle 3 came out Russian-speaking
versions cost less and many
online stores were selling
Russian version and then offered
Here are the options IMF in short to
actually bathe them or save
except it was quite big because
the Russian version was cheaper so
here
what do you need to do if you want
full defecation you have with me
go through these three steps if this is for you
it will not be enough just to download
here is this link torrent through your
favorite any torrent client
download
in any place there will be an archive
definitely much more parts and remove
his papus battlefield 3 date
win32 localization all actually no
tricks just extract in my opinion he
asks only that one which the file
can replace
replace nothing but nothing
delete simply replace the files that
he will ask everything in the game you will appear in
The main menu sound settings you have
It will be possible to choose which
choose voices russian or english
choose english and original
english voice acting russian arut
in Russian Americans Rut in English
all for ac is a tutorial finished too
no tricks in it there if you
want to completely block the interface
need to download a small file occasion
this link when he cured you
there will be several ways
first way to manually change the register
second way to download small
program which actually does
the same and the third way is
download vip-file
Well, he is actually here for this reference
if you want to manually register here
all the way here is a brief instruction how
do it but of course easier to download
the program that make you here
Windows program is my own
I remember so there are no underwater
no stones she does not enter anything
the worst will not be the only negative
full interface gasification is that
after each patch you have to
go to this site and wait for now
here will put the updated packs because
what's after each what sbu black
screen when you try to enter the game
Well, actually everything is probably on it
it was wrong to say goodbye to you
difficult so then ask more
if I can help with you was living the end
connections